Which scent do you find the most soothing? 
What is a language you love to listen to even if you don’t speak or understand it?
Oceans or mountains? Why? 
Describe the most captivating painting or artwork you’ve ever seen.
Do you remember the first novel you ever read? If so, what was it?   
What is your favorite thing about your personality? 
at is your favorite thing about your personality?”
If you could have a fictional superhero for a best friend, who would it be? 
What color would you choose to describe yourself? 
What is something you have accomplished as an adult that your younger self would be proud of? 
Is there a place in the world that you feel most represents who you are?
Where is one place you’d love to travel to again? 
If your pet could talk, what would their voice sound like? What would they say about you?
What does your name mean?
What tasks make you feel like your best self?
What’s your Enneagram number and how does it influence your self-care practices?
What is the best meal you’ve ever had, and what’s the best meal you’ve ever cooked for yourself?
What do you love most about your home?
What’s a yearbook-style superlative you’d give to your high school self? What’s one for your current self?
What gives you goosebumps?
Do you know your astrology sign? Your birth chart?
How are you consciously practicing sustainability?
what do you love most about your home?”
Do you have any tattoos?
Scuba diving or skydiving?
What are you most grateful for in this season of life?
Do you give back or volunteer with any organizations?
What’s your love language?
What do you look for and need in your friendships?
How do you feel that you best offer love and support to your friends?
Tell me about your childhood best friend.
When do you feel most authentically yourself?
What's one form of self-expression you've been too hesitant to explore?
What's one habit you want to get rid of and one habit you want to keep? 
What was your first experience with sex like?
If you were to perform a duet with a famous musician, who would it be and why?  
Do you have any recurring dreams? If so, what do you think they are trying to tell you? 
Who do you most admire, and how has that impacted the way you live your life?
What’s one thing you’d tell yourself at my age? What’s one thing your younger self would tell you?
What do you wish you’d known before having kids? 
What was the first big purchase you made as an adult?
How did you know when you fell in love?
Have you kept any memorabilia from your childhood?
What do you miss most about being a child? A teenager? My age?
What about the current world would be most surprising to your younger self?
If you could travel back in time, which part of your life would you go back to?
Who did you vote for in past elections? Why?
What’s one of your favorite memories about your parents? 
If you could have one cartoon character be your real life best friend, who would you choose and why?
What’s your earliest memory?
What do you love most about school? 
Who are your best friends?
What is your favorite season?
What superpower do you wish you had?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
If you could have any animal as a pet, which would you choose and why? 
What does a perfect day with the family look like?
What do you love most about our house?
How do you feel best supported in hard times?
What does “alone time” look like for you?
Dogs or cats (or rabbits)?
What do you wish people better understood about you? 
What lessons from your childhood have most impacted your worldview?
If we could live in another country for a year (no strings attached), where would we go?
What do you love most about our relationship? What do you wish to work on?
What small joys bring light to your day?
How can we better practice sustainability as a couple?
What’s a favorite memory you have of us together?
What’s one of your favorite memories from our childhood?
What do you think everyone in the family will be doing 10 years from now?
Do you have a morning routine?
What was your favorite subject in school? Favorite teacher?
Which characteristics do you think you inherited from our parents?
If you could return to school, what would you study?
What Netflix show or movie are you marathon-watching?
What are you currently reading?
What food reminds you most of home?
What do you love most about yourself? 
What accomplishments are you most proud of?
What projects are you working on right now that bring you joy?
How do you unwind after work?
Do you listen to any podcasts during your commute? If so, which ones?
What do you enjoy most about our company?
Where do you need support that you’re not getting it?
How do you track your work goals and accomplishments? 
Do you enjoy networking? Why or why not?
What was your very first job?
What skills are you focused on cultivating right now?
How are you truly doing?
What’s one act of kindness you experienced today?
What do you do for enjoyment?
Do you recharge by being around other people or by spending time alone?
If you had a day to yourself, what would it look like, where would you go, and what would you do?
What is the compliment you receive most often?
Do you collect anything?
What was the last movie you watched? 
What’s one thing your loved ones would be surprised to learn about you?
If you woke up one morning and all your problems were solved, how would go about your day?
What do you do/study?
What is your most (or least) favorite subject in school?
How do you get along with the people you work with?
Do you love working there or are you doing it for the money?
What is your dream job?
What countries have you traveled to?
What was your biggest experience of “culture shock” in another country?
Where in the world would you love to live most? Why?
How does your home country compare to here? 
What’s the worst thing that’s happened to you while traveling? 
Have you ever traveled by yourself? 
Do you speak any other languages?
